h1. PageExtractor

A chrome extension for webpage dissection.

h2. Purpose

Well, you should know there is no warranty of any kind, not even of usefulness. But no warranty does not mean there is none.
Of course I'm publishing this extension in the _hope_ that you will find it (very?) useful!

When searching for a product, the websites are tipically very structured, each element is very similar to each other. Such content is easy to extract.

From extracted content, you can take actions such as following a link like the detailed product page or the next result page, or if on the desired content, you can copy the information into a report.

The extension is interactive. That means that you it will require some input from you to guide the extraction and to know what actions to take.
However this is often the pledge of flexibility.

h2. License

This project is licensed under the 2-clause BSD license.
See LICENSE file.

The icons are the property of "Icons-Land.com":http://www.icons-land.com.
See IconsLandDemoLicenseAgreement.txt.

h2. Installation

# Go to: chrome://extensions/
# Expand "Developer mode" at the right
# Click the "Load unpacked extension" button
# Select the root directory of the project

h2. Hacking

When modifying the extension, don't forget to click "Refresh" under the extension in the list.
Check the background page (Inspect active vues), if you see any errors in the Console tab, try again by refreshing the extension once more. I takes upto 6 clicks sometimes...
